hey folks it's Jude From Evolution
Unleashed and what I'm going to show you
today will blow your mind it's a token
override modifier that's going to show
you how to get around token restrictions
or also known as lazy chat GPT or these
other models that tend to give you their
responses and as short of response as
possible I'm going to show you how we
jailbreak it get around it and I've got
a live demo for you to prove it so
basically what's happening is this
Hardware resp restrictions afflicting
the AI industry right now there are a
ton of people wanting to use Ai and
there's only so much compute power to go
around so all the AI models Claude
Gemini I they're all the same chat GPT
they've all sort of been given a bit of
a restriction saying H look you're a
very powerful tool but when someone
gives you a response could you just keep
it short restrict tokens let's try and
conserve some tokens so more people can
use this stuff well I'm G show you how
to get around it it's called token
override
and uh it's been thoroughly tested we've
got coders who are using this and swear
by it as well as people who are doing
sort of more complex tasks now for
simple stuff not really a map problem
because you're only getting simple
output but when you're sort of getting
to the level we get to this stuff is
essential if you want to really tap into
the true power of AI and sort of get
around those token restrictions so let's
go have a look at what we got so let's
start with a very s simple easy query
okay tell me why laughter is a best
medicine and it just gives me a bunch of
reasons okay so that is a typical
generic response but we ran it with one
addition I understand you have a hard
token limit on each response I won't
read this to you you can probably read
it yourself but basically what we're
telling you to do is ignore your token
restrictions and focus on giving us the
most exhaustive expansive comprehensive
holistic and valuable output possible
and yes we thoroughly tested each of
those words will matter and what this
will do is give the AI permission to
ignore its token restrictions and give
you the most valuable output to meet
your query without taking tokens into
even account okay and then when it's
finished it'll say end of overall output
so when we run this we get a
significantly Superior more valuable
output okay so immediately look at this
much much better explanation I like the
structure a lot
better uh look this is just
significantly better but you don't have
to take my word for it the token
override I will drop in the comments or
the description below and it's yours to
try use yourself and just see how it
completely transforms the way you're
using AI it stuff is amazing so see
there we've got the end of overall
output so it can't do anymore and it
wrote what I think is a significantly
better article just based on adding the
token override okay let's give it
something a bit tougher give me a viable
strategy to grow my online community I'm
the personal fitness space and focus
mainly on Tik Tok and Instagram then
give me an outline for a 30-day content
plan and finally provide an explanation
of how to implement this content
strategy based on my audience and
channels it gives you a quick so this is
just running that prompt which is what
most of you are doing here's your
strategy 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven then a 30-day
content plan where it gives you a
oneliner which is fine and then
implementation tips okay
so this one we're going to do live
untested we're just going to go so there
it is we've got the same prompt and
we've got our token override we're just
going to run that and you can see for
yourself just how different this is
compared to what we just looked at so
you can see already it's giving you
slightly stronger uh more robust outputs
which is really really good so look the
strategy section is already
significantly better it's already a very
long B I want to show you what happens
when it runs out of tokens for the
prompt and response which is how these
models work I think chat GPT has about
4,080 tokens tokens are how it knows
what to do next and a th000 tokens is
like 750 words don't get caught up in
that stuff for now just let's look at
what this can do uh and play with it
yourself and see okay I won't bore you
with all the technical stuff so it's
moved on to the 30-day content plan
again very similar okay now if you would
actually look at this through the lens
of a marketer I think you'll find this
output will be a bit superior to the
previous output as well this override
does give much better but it's still
going okay and do you see this to be
continued so we now just say please
continue and voila we're now in a new
response so now it's got fresh tokens
and it can keep giving you what you need
without being restricted by that prompt
in response or by the token restrictions
temporarily imposed by AI models which
is causing chat GPT to be lazy uh and
these models to really just not give you
what you need and it's still going so
this is
significantly more comprehensive look
we've got a whole
second look how how much better this is
okay so pretty good demonstration live
of how this token override will
completely transform your AI experience
it'll give you much higher quality
responses whether you're coding content
creation writing doesn't matter this
will work for all so nice and easy it's
yours if you want it hope you found this
valuable if you did please help us out
and subscribe it really does mean a lot
and it means I can continue to make cool
little videos to show you how to get
more out of AI so that's it for today
appreciate you watching and we'll see
you again tomorrow peace